Why, Beat?
[NEKU]
Those wings! Beat, no.
I'll wipe the floor
with your face!
[gasps]
[BEAT]
You're weak.
I'm fighting to bring
Shiki back to life!
[JOSHUA]
Question.
How long are you
planning to mope?
Till I have a new
mission to focus on.
[NEKU]
It's a new day, but...
[JOSHUA] No sense waiting
for that which won't come.
What's with the smirk?
There's someplace
I'd like to go.
What do you say we play hooky?
Surprised I have
to spell this out.
Walls go up around
different areas
depending on the
day's objective.
Your point?
The places Players
can go are limited.
Tower Records doesn't
appear to be blocked off.
And what if that's nowhere
near the mission?
Why not ignore it?
Let some other capable
Players get the job done.
I can't screw around
and "play hooky."
We take what Players value most,
and what currently holds
that place in your heart...
...is Shiki Misaki.
[NEKU] She was almost out,
and I pulled her back in.
There's only one way
to save her now,
and that's by winning this game,
which is what I
fully intend to do.
So I have to clear
the missions myself.
Uh‐huh.
Did you hear a thing I said?
Every word.
[NEKU]
Keep your cool.
[phone buzzes]
[NEKU]
It's here!
Cat Street in 15 minutes?
It's on the other
side of Shibuya!
Hey! Partner!
You called?
Let's hustle!
Are we safe
or did we fail?
What gives? I told
you to run faster!
True. But I'm a "work
smart, not hard" guy.
Anyway, this is the place.
What?
Wildkat café. It's where I
wanted to go from the start.
Try the house‐blend
coffee and pancakes.
The donuts aren't bad either.
That wasn't a real mission?
Took you long enough
to catch on, but yes.
And it worked out even
better than I imagined.
You serious?
Coming here was crucial.
For you and me.
[JOSHUA]
How goes it, Mister H?
Hey! Been waiting for ya, Josh!
Huh? You run this shop?
Phones? Don't tell me you've
been playing two weeks in a row!
I see. That young lady
must've been revived.
Not quite.
She was taken before
she could. As my fee.
That a fact?
Buck up, kid.
What's done is done.
Wait here a sec.
Small world. I had no
idea you knew Mister H.
Not really. He, um, saved
our butts a lot last week.
He's been saving my
butt a long time now.
Just how long?
I should preface this
by saying I can see things
most people are blind to.
Reapers. The Noise.
Players in the game.
Which, of course,
includes you, Neku.
When'd that start?
I really couldn't say.
What I do know is, once
I discovered the fame,
I was hooked.
Then I also discovered there
was one other person like me.
Mister Hanekoma.
[JOSHUA]
Correct.
Reapers would try and trick
Players into self‐destructing,
and Mister H would come
dashing to their rescue.
And the more he told
me about the UG,
the more I came
to see its charm.
The UG's full of dead people
fighting for their lives!
You somehow find that charming?
[JOSHUA]
I do.
People racing across the city
in a life‐or‐death struggle?
You won't find a rush half as
stimulating in the Realground,
I guarantee you that much.
So then, you volunteered
to play the Reapers' game?
If something in life
continuously remains
boring and unchanging,
then it might as well be dead.
Who needs it, right?
It's your call if you wanna
be here. Not me, though.
I don't know why I died,
but I do know that.
I'm gonna do what I want,
how I want, whenever I want.
I just...
Care for a cup? It's coffee
I'm genuinely proud of.
Thank you.
Be careful, Neku.
[HANEKOMA chuckles]
[HANEKOMA] You want a
donut, too? They're good.
I'll pass.
So is it ready? Or not?
Yeah. Gimme your phones.
[NEKU]
Hm?
That was plural.
Okay, but what do you
even need it for?
[HANEKOMA]
I'm adding a new feature.
I asked for an upgrade before
my first step into the UG.
It's been quite a wait.
[HANEKOMA] I expedite your
order, and this is my thanks?
So Mister Hanekoma's the
person you've been calling.
As sharp as ever, I see.
[NEKU] Maybe I've been
too suspicious of him.
[HANEKOMA]
What were you kids talkin' about
while I was fixing your coffee?
[NEKU] Just how he could see the
Underground from the Realground.
And how he's playing
the game by choice.
[HANEKOMA] J's been comin'
here to talk about that stuff
since the day we first met.
Can't say I blame him since
my café's got Reaper approval.
Makes it pretty ideal.
[JOSHUA]
Let's change the topic.
Well, you're partners now,
so try to get along.
Ah, I messed the thing up!
Please tell me it's fixable.
It's no secret that I'm
a supremely talented man,
but meddling with Underground
tech from the RG
is more complicated
than you might think.
[NEKU]
How complicated?
I just can't do my
best work, is all.
[phone dings]
There. New apps
officially installed.
Thank you. Our little
hunt can commence.
And what are we hunting?
I'll tell you that
when we find it.
You kidding me?
[HANEKOMA]
Don't let little quips like that
rile you up so much.
Enjoy every moment
with all you've got!
Those words!
[HANEKOMA]
What about 'em?
Oh. Nothing.
There's this artist.
Goes by "CAT."
He has that very
same philosophy.
Y'know that giant wall
of graffiti? In Udagawa?
Sure. It's kinda
famous, right?
Yeah, and it features
some of CAT's best work.
Can't help but respect someone
so talented at everything.
Shibuya's chock‐full
of his designs.
In fact, you could say CAT's
very existence is art.
Sounds like he's had
a big impact on you.
[HANEKOMA]
Listen up, Phones.
A new phrase I think you
should take to heart is
"the world ends with you."
If you want to enjoy life, then
you gotta push your horizons out
as far as they'll go.
This place is a melting pot
of all kinds of emotions,
both good and bad.
And whatever that last
emotion or thought is
when you hit rock bottom,
hold onto it.
It just might change
you for the better.
What if it's not for the better
and things that
shouldn't change do?
I like to believe
that everything
has the potential to be good.
[JOSHUA chuckles]
[HANEKOMA]
Any change on your end?
No.
If you'll excuse me, gentlemen.
My phone has this
"hunting" app, too?
Along with a camera app.
Never know what kind of missions
they'll throw at you kids.
Best to be prepared
for anything.
[NEKU] Speaking of,
we didn't get a mission today.
Welp, only reason for that
is the GM's slacking off.
This Minamimoto guy is as
cruel as he is inconsistent,
and that's a very
dangerous combo.
Just be smart.
[JOSHUA] We're leaving now!
The tracker got a hit.
What qualifies as a "hit"?
Something with enough
energy for it to pick up on.
So the thing you're
looking for has high energy?
It does, indeed.
I'm detecting one in Udagawa and
another at Scramble Crossing.
Udagawa's the closer of the two.
[JOSHUA] No. Let's scope
out the crossing first.
The size of this
signature is a bit odd.
Red Skull pins again. Huh.
I noticed that
eye‐catching crimson
on just about every person here.
[OJI] I proudly present
Red Skull pins!
[JOSHUA] The signatures
appear to be moving
with the pedestrians.
I wonder if their accessories
are the source.
[PEDESTRIAN A] I can't believe
how popular they are!
CAT's the one behind the design,
so they were bound
to be awesome.
[NEKU]
They look like Player pins.
According to Mister H,
the Composer's the one
who makes and controls those.
Is this person a lead
Reaper on a power trip?
Oh, Neku, the Composer's
leagues above any Reaper.
He could erase this entire
dimension if the mood struck.
So then, does that mean
CAT's the Composer?
Certainly food for thought.
Well, hopefully it's
the one in Udagawa.
Just what is it
you're trying to do?
[JOSHUA] I want to
properly guide Shibuya.
You'll come to help me
in my endeavor soon enough.
[NEKU] I'm gonna do what I want,
how I want, whenever I want.
[gasps]
No! It's already on day five?
[JOSHUA]
So it would seem.
We haven't gotten a mission.
Soon as we do, it'll come first.
Where to, then?
The Udagawa district.
Where else?
Now you're getting it.
Not trying to "get"
anything. It's just...
[NEKU] Going there might
trigger something
in my broken memory to click.
Currently, 14 players have
been erased. I confirmed it.
Leave it to a genius
to get results.
I doubt the game
will last the week.
About that.
Both today and the day before,
the GM failed to issue missions.
Then how do you explain
the rate of erasures?
Minamimoto?
[KONISHI] AWOL. He broke
off contact yesterday.
But his so‐called "works of art"
have been sighted around the UG.
Those breadcrumbs suggest
he's still in the Underground.
[KONISHI]
Most likely.
[sighs] Let's leave
him be for now.
He prefers to have a
little breathing room.
If that's what you wish.
[KITANIJI]
Any other problems?
There have been reports
of Taboo Noise.
They're attacking Reapers
all across Shibuya.
The dwindling Player count
suddenly makes a lot more sense.
How are we holding up?
As well as we can.
I've already set about locating
and identifying the
perpetrator, sir.
I'm also investigating
any correlation
between the two incidents.
I'd expect no less.
It's in your hands, Konishi.
I won't let you down.
That crafty man.
His numbers only come second
to Mister Kitaniji's.
What's more astounding
is he's the youngest officer
in Reaper history.
Minamimoto.
Not even I can grasp the
methods to your madness.
Of course the path's sealed off.
Shall we look for
an open route?
[777] What? You can't
be serious right now!
This isn't an ordinary mic
we're talkin' about here!
Oh, no. It's Death
March's heart and soul!
And because of that fact,
we should report it to the cops.
We'd lose all our cred
if we got them involved.
Not only are we Reapers,
we're friggin' metal!
[BJ] But we looked everywhere
we could think of
and it's still
nowhere to be found.
We can use this.
[NEKU]
Hm?
[BJ]
Whatcha wanna do?
[TENHO, 777]
Uh...
[JOSHUA] My trusty partner and I
can find that mic for you.
Hey! Maybe consult
your partner first!
[JOSHUA] All we ask in exchange
is you open that wall for us.
That's a pretty sweet deal,
wouldn't you say?
[PLAYERS yelling]
Like, what now?
I can't even pretend to know!
We're in way over
our heads this time!
If there was a mission today,
nobody thought to tell me!
That's Taboo Noise.
C'mon, Nao! Let's amscray!
Keep your guard up, Uzuki.
And why on earth
would I do that?
Noise don't attack Reapers.
[gasps]
Gonna cost some ramen!
Hey, I can fight my own battles!
[NOISE roars]
That's the last I saw it.
I only left for a minute, tops.
Probably just forgot it.
I didn't!
Is there a possibility someone
brought it to the police
as a lost item?
[click]
There's no need.
It isn't there. Look.
[BOTH]
Hm?
[MINAMIMOTO]
Oh! This mic's zetta sexy!
It'll make a perfect
addition to my opus!
Minamimoto jacked it from us?
[TENHO] And tossed it on
one of his trash heaps.
[BJ] He'll get pissed if
we mess with his "art."
Maybe enough to kill us.
True, but you know
where to find it now,
which means we've held up
our end of the bargain.
[777]
Hm? Fine.
Who'd've thought it'd
come in handy so soon?
A camera that shoots the past.
Didn't think Mister Hanekoma
could get much cooler.
The only downside is, it drains
the battery insanely quick.
A limit of two shots a day.
I suppose there's always
room for improvement.
‐‐[phone dings]
‐‐[gasps]
That's the strongest
signal it's picked up yet.
[SOTA]
Hey! You're both Players, right?
Um. Yeah.
Then you guys should turn
around. That way's bad news.
Bad how?
These freaky Noise are,
like, everywhere you look!
Reapers showed up, too?
We just ran like hell!
Name's Sota.
The cute one here's, Nao.
You can, like, call me Nao‐Nao!
I'm Joshua. And
this here is Neku.
[SOTA] There were more of us,
but they were annihilated.
All of them?
[SOTA] Did you not hear
what we said, bro?
There's no mission, so you gain
absolutely nothing by going!
We should stick together
and, like, all win this!
[JOSHUA]
Don't you know?
Not everyone who wins
gets to come back to life.
Hey, man!
What?
[JOSHUA]
Your partner's also a rival.
So, if, like, two people survive
and only one gets
their life back,
what happens to the
Player who doesn't?
They try their luck
at the game again.
The same way that Neku is.
[NAO]
You've played before, Nekky?
Yeah.
So then, your partner came back!
Shiki should've made it back.
But since I decided
to play again,
she was taken as my entry fee.
You're kidding.
It's my fault
she's trapped here.
[NOISE roars]
[BOTH gasp]
Come on.
Hopefully we'll see
you two around.
Don't overdo it!
What now?
Another abnormal Noise!
You know it's bad when Reapers
are getting attacked
by their own monsters.
Now's our chance.
We can sneak through
while the big one's
occupying their attention.
You optimist. They won't
make it that easy.
[yells]
[JOSHUA]
Neku!
[NEKU]
I won't make it!
Are you okay?
Risky. Too risky.
That's no way to fight
these things, partner.
Don't you wanna win?
Yeah.
[KARIYA]
It's slower than molasses,
but one solid hit and
that's all she wrote.
It also can't dodge
ranged attacks
to save its life, literally.
Stubborn, isn't it?
Like, just die.
It's a heavyweight. No doubt.
A joint attack might be the only
thing that works against it.
[JOSHUA] They're powerful,
to say the least.
[NEKU] We can't afford
to take a single hit.
[JOSHUA]
Neku, concentrate.
[NEKU]
Worrying won't do me any good.
If I want to win, I've
gotta trust my partner.
[NEKU]
I'll erase them all!
It would appear Phones
and Pretty Boy
managed to pull off the win.
Am I supposed to care?
We need to report this
to Konishi A‐SAP.
Plus, I wanna gripe to her
about how infuriating it is
to work under Math Man.
Ugh. What a waste of a week.
That's some first‐rate graffiti.
Yeah. Straight from the
brilliant mind of CAT.
My favorite place in Shibuya.
[NEKU] It's also the place
I saw myself lying in blood
when I accidentally scanned him.
But why? I don't know.
Still with me, Neku?
Or did you space out?
Oh. Sorry.
You're giving me déjà vu.
[gasps]
All right! Cut the cryptic crap!
Have we both been here before?
[chuckles]
Heh.
Huh?
[gunshot]
[NEKU groans]
[NEKU yells]
It happened right here!
[NEKU] I died in this very spot.
And he killed me!
[NEKU]
Next time: "Turf."